Added new section (#25)
pescap/EasyHPC: docs/source/github.rst

How to collaborate to a repository such as `EasyHPC <https://github.com/pescap/EasyHPC>`_? If you want to send Pull Requests to open source directories, you have to follow these steps:

Create an issue
---------------

> This is very helpful to continue suggesting changes or enhancementes to the code.

Reviewer: Change to:

To propose changes or enhancements to the code, it is preferable to use the Issues section.

> This is very helpful to continue suggesting changes or enhancementes to the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To propose changes or enhancements to the code, it is preferable to use the Issues section.
```

- Go to the forked GitHub directory webpage. It should be something like: ::

> 	https://github.com/your_username/EasyHPC/

Reviewer: Check which is the right tabulation for code in .rst files. I don't know how many spaces must be added after `::`
